feat: Added support for `weekdayAbbreviations` and `monthAbbreviations` to `MacosDatePicker` (#416)
macosui/macos_ui: README.md

  calendar-like interface to select a date.
* `combined`: provides both `textual` and `graphical` interfaces.

> Localization of the time picker is supported by the `weekdaysAbbreviations` and `monthsAbbreviations` parameters (instead of e.g. standard `localizations.narrowWeekdays()` in order to match Apple's spec).
> * `weekdaysAbbreviations` should be a list of 7 strings, one for each day of the week, starting with Sunday
> * `monthsAbbreviations` should be a list of 12 strings, one for each month of the year, starting with January
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Localization of the time picker is supported by the `weekdayAbbreviations` and `monthAbbreviations` parameters (instead of e.g. standard `localizations.narrowWeekdays()` in order to match Apple's spec).
* `weekdayAbbreviations` should be a list of 7 strings, one for each day of the week, starting with Sunday
* `monthAbbreviations` should be a list of 12 strings, one for each month of the year, starting with January

```
